NEW Make resources dir configurable (#8519)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/02_Developer_Guides/01_Templates/03_Requirements.md

SilverStripe core modules like `cms` use a different naming convention (CSS and JavaScript files in `client/src/`).
The `Requirements` class can work with arbitrary file paths.

## Exposing static assets

> Before requiring a static assets file in PHP code or in a template, those assets need to be "exposed". This process allows SilverStripe projects and SilverStripe modules to make static asset files available via the web server without directly exposing PHP files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before requiring static asset files in PHP code or in a template, those assets need to be "exposed". This process allows SilverStripe projects and SilverStripe modules to make static asset files available via the web server without directly exposing PHP files.
```

Worth adding something like "... from locations that would otherwise be blocked from web server access, such as the `vendor` folder"?

### Configuring your project "exposed" folders

Exposed assets are made available in your web root in a dedicated "resources" directory. Prior to SilverStripe 4.4, the name of this directory was hardcoded to `resources`. In SilverStripe 4.4 and above, the name of the resources directory can be configured by defining the `extra.resources-dir` key in your `composer.json`. SilverStripe projects created from `silverstripe/installer` 4.4 and above will automatically be configured to use `_resources` as their resource directory.

Each folder that needs to be exposed must be entered under the `extra.expose` key in your `composer.json` file. Module developers should use a path relative to the root of their module (don't include the "vendor/package-developer/package-name" path).

> This is a sample `composer.json` configured to expose some assets.

Reviewer: Worth noting that this is a project composer.json file, rather than a module file? It's obvious from the `type` in the example, but maybe it couldn't hurt to add a word or two in this sentence to make it crystal clear?

```json
{
    "name": "app/myproject",
    "type": "silverstripe-project",
    "require": {
        "silverstripe/recipe-cms": "4.4.x-dev"
    },
    "extra": {
        "resources-dir": "_resources",
        "expose": [
            "app/client/dist",
            "app/images"
        ]
    }
}
```

Files contained inside the `app/client/dist` and `app/images` will be made publicly available under the `_resources` directory.

> SilverStripe projects should not track the "resources" directory in their source control system.

Reviewer: This is slightly opinionated to be honest - it depends on your deployment process. If you're deploying and running `composer install`, then you shouldn't track it in VCS, but if you're not using composer on the production server you're going to be committing in the vendor and resources folders. I agree that this is true for the majority of use cases though.

Author: There's nothing wrong with being opinionated when you are right! :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: 

The description will be appropriate for 90% of developers. I'm keen on avoiding going off on a tangent about "if you've got a weird GIT set up, you should do this ..."

If a developer decide to deviate from best practices, they ought to understand why and adjust their set up accordingly.

Reviewer: Yeah fair enough!

### Exposing assets in the web root

> SilverStripe projects ship with `silverstripe/vendor-plugin`. This composer plugin automatically tries to expose assets of modules after installation or after an update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SilverStripe projects ship with `silverstripe/vendor-plugin`. This Composer plugin automatically tries to expose assets from your project and installed modules after installation, or after an update.
```

Developers can explicitly expose static assets by calling `composer vendor-expose`. This is necessary after updating your `resources-dir` or `expose` configuration in your `composer.json` file.

`composer vendor-expose` accepts an optional `method` argument (e.g.: `composer vendor-expose auto`). This controls how the files are exposed in the "resources" directory:
* `none` disables all symlink / copy,

> * `copy` copy the exposed files,

Reviewer: This line and the next line are using a different tense to the others

> * `symlink` create symlinks to the exposed folder,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `symlink` create symbolic links to the exposed folder,
```

> * `junction` uses a junction (windows only),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `junction` uses a junction (Windows only),
```

> * `auto` performs symlink (or junction on windows), but fail over to copy.

Reviewer: Minor: we don't usually terminate list items with commas etc

> * `auto` performs symlink (or junction on windows), but fail over to copy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auto` creates symbolic links (or junctions on Windows), but fails over to copy.
```

Author: fixed.

### Referencing exposed assets

> When referencing exposed assets, you should not use their web server path. e.g.:

Reviewer: I think we should document what developers should do rather than what they shouldn't, e.g.:

```suggestion
When referencing exposed static assets, use either the project file path (relative to the project root folder) or a module name and relative file path to that module's root folder. E.g.:
```

Author: Fixed.

replaced. For instance, the below will set a new set of dependencies to write to `app/javascript/combined`

> ```yml

Reviewer: FYI, these are synonymous in GitHub markdown rendering: https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/e761f9b013e5b61161481fcb898b59721ee40e3d/lib/linguist/languages.yml#L5480-L5484
